dm: add doc for continuous data validation (#9793)
pingcap/docs: dm/task-configuration-file-full.md

    # `DELETE FROM tb WHERE a=1; DELETE FROM tb WHERE a=2` will become `DELETE FROM tb WHERE (a) IN (1),(2)`, where "a" is the primary key
    multiple-rows: true

# Configuration arguments of continuous data validation (validator).
validators:
  global:                # Configuration name.
    # full: validates the data in each row is correct.
    # fast: validates whether the row is successfully migrated to the downstream.
    # none: does not validate the data.
    mode: full           # Possible values are "full", "fast", and "none". The default value is "none", which does not validate the data.
    worker-count: 4      # The number of validation workers in the background. The default value is 4.

>     row-error-delay: 30m # If a row is not validated within the specified time, it will be marked as an error row. The default value is 30m, which means 30 minutes.

Reviewer: ditto

Author: ```suggestion
    row-error-delay: 30m # If a row cannot pass the validation within the specified time, it will be marked as an error row. The default value is 30m, which means 30 minutes.
```
